SMDH_HR_REI_POL
 
INTERNAL 1
REIMBURSEMENT POLICY
1 Introduction
This policy is intended to set forth the guidelines and procedures for employees of SmartDocs 
who incur business-related expenses on behalf of the company.
2 Objective
This policy ensures that employees of SmartDocs get reimbursement of desirable expenses incurred 
during planned business trips.
3 Scope
• This policy applies to all Smatdocs employees.
• Employees based at client sites in India or at any of the subsidiaries.
4 Definitions 
Term Definition
Employee Employee who performs their responsibilities while adhering 
terms & conditions mentioned in policy & employee 
agreement.
HR Human Resource Department
SmartDocs It defines the entity Smartdocs Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd
Unforeseen 
situations or 
Circumstances 
It includes when Smartdocs CAB services is not working. It also 
covers any natural disaster situations.
CAB Smartdocs Provided OLA & UBER
5 Policy Statement Guidelines 
Following reimbursement would be covered under this policy.
Types of reimbursement:
Travel Expenses Reimbursement
Mobile Bill Reimbursement
Software Purchase 
Other miscellaneous expenses incurred for business purpose. 
SMDH_HR_REI_POL
 
INTERNAL 2
5.1 Travel Expenses
Employees are eligible to reimburse all travel expenses made during prior approved 
business trips.
Before undertaking any business trip, an employee needs to share a travel request email 
with the accounts team (ACCOUNTS@SMARTDOCS.AI) looping HR team
(HR@SMARTDOCS.AI) specifying purpose of visit, location, duration, & requested budget.
Email should be shared prior to 14 days to the date of travel or as and when business 
requires.
As per request Accounts or HR team will book the convenient mode of transportation 
(whether air, railways , road).
Employees should use CAB services provided by the smartdocs for any intercity or intracity 
travel, which includes to & fro Airport, Railway station or any other similar local setup and 
only for Business purpose.
During unforeseen situations when CAB services are not available or operating, in that case 
employees can use their personal vehicle & can apply for reimbursement.
At client location it’s mandatory to use CAB services provided by Smartdocs. In unforeseen 
circumstances, employees can use their personal account for booking or can use best local 
transportation options (like Taxi, Auto, Metro, Bus, Locals etc) & can apply for 
reimbursement. 
Virtual alternatives to travel, such as conference calls, web-conferencing and other 
collaboration technologies should be considered in lieu of travel, wherever possible.
5.1.1: Accommodation :
Based on received travel request email, Accounts or HR team will book the best 
accommodation available.
Bookings of accommodation decision will pertain to Accounts or HR team . Employee 
recommendations, choices or preferences would not be entertained.
Travelers of the same gender will double-occupy hotel rooms unless an exception is
granted.
Accommodation booking (stay) would include breakfast. For lunch & dinner employees 
would be eligible for a sum of Rs.1250 per day/ employee.
SMDH_HR_REI_POL
 
INTERNAL 3
Expenses exceeding Rs. 1250 per day/ employee on Food & Beverages, would not be 
entitled for reimbursement.
Expenses like laundry charges, extra cleaning charges, alcohol, Tips etc other than the Food 
& Non-alcoholic beverages would not be part of the reimbursement.
In case employees stays for more than 3 days, they can opt for laundry services which 
should not cross CAP limit of Rs. 500.
5.1.2: Non-Reimbursement: 
An unauthorized meeting with clients, partners or colleagues.
Personal trips and expenses would not fall under reimbursement.
A non-business subscription or training would not fall under reimbursement.
5.2 Mobile Bill Reimbursement
Employees who directly deals with clients would be eligible for Mobile bill reimbursement.
Mobile bill expenses must not exceed the CAP limit entitled and Employee is eligible to 
claim only for one mobile number which is used for official purpose.
Employees must provide a clear invoice while submitting the expense in keka.
Employees must claim the expenses in the stipulated time period only i.e., in the same 
month and ensure that it doesn’t gets transcended to next month.
Employees are expected to submit the claims in a timely manner in keka, the company will 
not entertain any late claim submissions.
Any case of fudging of bills will be treated as a violation of the company’s policy and 
employees will be liable to strict disciplinary action.
5.3 Software Purchase 
In case employees need any new technology or software to be purchased, they need to
share an email request with the HR department.
Management will look into the same & as per business needs it would be processed.
SMDH_HR_REI_POL
 
INTERNAL 4
5.4 Other miscellaneous expenses incurred on business trip.
Any expenses that are spent out of employee pockets on business purposes can be 
reimbursed with proper submission of proof.
Examples of other, allowable miscellaneous expenses include taxi and shuttle fares to/from 
airport and parking fees.
6. Procedure to apply for Reimbursement 
1. Please visit your keka account & kindly navigate as keka home page > Me>> Expenses & 
Travel. Kindly click on Past claims & Add Expenses.
2. Add all the expenses along with attachments & submit claim. In case of multiple expenses 
click on save and add another & then submit.
SMDH_HR_REI_POL
 
INTERNAL 5
7 General Guidelines 
All the expenses should be under CAP limit.
All claims should be made in the month when they have been incurred or current ongoing 
month. 
Postdated expenses (which crossed the current month) would not be considered for 
reimbursement.
8 Policy Management 
For clarification on this policy please contact Human Resource Department.
This policy may be/will be updated in a prompt manner according to business needs.


Note - for any extraordinary expense which exceed the limit of daily limit, you might need approval from CTO or CEO